Gary Young: I'm going to bed at 9.30 because of the review, let me tell ya.
Gary Young: Call everyone, yes.
Gary Young: So the agenda.
Gary Young: Do not be clear.
Gary Young: Stop oil right there.
Gary Young: Oh, God!
Gary Young: So, yes,
Gary Young: To what?
Gary Young: We don't use that on the submissions.
Gary Young: Because you don't Where do you get this?
Gary Young: But I know that, surreal.
Gary Young: Oh, gosh.
Gary Young: Anyone help?
Gary Young: How's the experience treated?
Gary Young: Specifically, tossier.
Gary Young: Yes, it's true.
Gary Young: 11.5 years ago, but…
Gary Young: Can you put such an international
Gary Young: Is he a central person?
Gary Young: Especially in Britain.
Gary Young: That's good.
Gary Young: you select?
Gary Young: Dayquil is a decongestant, Mucinex is a… A thinner.
Gary Young: Yeah, but… Fantastic.
Gary Young: Music is a… I think the word is expectorant.
Gary Young: Oh.
Gary Young: So, okay.
Gary Young: Oh my gosh.
Gary Young: Thank you, Gary.
Gary Young: works is to have…
Gary Young: a bunch of water, so, like, 3 or 4 glasses. What happens is the excess water… system.
Gary Young: It's not just gonna… Shine the canal.
Gary Young: Globalize the energy.
Gary Young: This is for an inner ear infection, an outer ear infection.
Gary Young: That's a slightly different cane, but excess water wouldn't drift.
Gary Young: I usually am very… I was grim.
Gary Young: Yes and no.
Gary Young: Oh my god, So good.
Gary Young: Don't be sad.
Gary Young: We bought this.
Gary Young: Yes, sir.
Gary Young: How are you?
Gary Young: Yeah, I love God.
Gary Young: You want to get some room.
Gary Young: Don't you useless to me, sorry.
Gary Young: Alright, exactly.
Gary Young: 8, I got 8 boys.
Gary Young: Dude, I need this.
Gary Young: Seriously.
Gary Young: Oh, what's that?
Gary Young: That's having to go about that.
Gary Young: I know, but, like, listen, I think she was flying on the rock?
Gary Young: We're probably dispatch your people.
Gary Young: I know I'm talking…
Gary Young: None!
Gary Young: Are you sure?
Gary Young: Sydney?
Gary Young: City? City?
Gary Young: This is my house.
Gary Young: Anyone's time?
Gary Young: Be careful, because you don't want to go below 250 meters, as we definitely… you can see we're still in between the E and one. Hey, everybody! In this video, we're going to show you where to find the tadpool
Gary Young: Module MK1 here in Subnautica 2, so let's get into it. So we are going to be starting from the LifePod, and from the LifePod, you want to aim your direction right in the middle of E, or East, and 105.
Gary Young: You can see we're gonna line that up right in the middle from the LifePod, and we're gonna go in that
Gary Young: direction for 1400 meters. And we're gonna speed it up for a little bit here as we make the 1405, and go this direction for 1400 meters.
Gary Young: If you need to turn around to check your distance, you can do so. But if you go a little bit down into the water, there's gonna be a couple markers that you'll be able to use to indicate that you're getting close. Once the water starts turning blue, that's your first sign.
Gary Young: Once you really start getting close, you're gonna start to see a structure that's going to pretty much just appear out of nowhere down here in the water. You can see we're still in between the EN105, we're starting to get close to that 1400 meter mark, as we're about 1,000 meters in the correct direction.
Gary Young: And right here is where you're gonna start to see the structure reveal itself in the water. Recommend doing this in daytime, by the way.
Gary Young: Once you see this structure, you're getting really, really close. We're gonna go just past that structure, and there's gonna be a bigger one, or a really big one, down below, a little bit deeper. Turn around to kind of show you, we're about 1,200 meters away from the live pot.
Gary Young: We're gonna turn back around, go just past
Gary Young: This structure, again, in between E and 105, and then right down here below us is where you're gonna see the big structure.
Gary Young: Right here. We're gonna go all the way down, and you want to be careful, because you don't want to go below 250 meters as we work our way down, or your tackle's gonna end up breaking. And I think that ends up happening to me, but you want to make your way towards the light, you'll see it pretty easily, there's one white light here.
Gary Young: And we're gonna go inside the cave, just on the backside of the structure.
Gary Young: And right in here, you're gonna see another white light with a hole, and we wanna go inside of that hole into the cave. Now again, bring your tadpole back up above 250 so it doesn't break when you get out of it.
Gary Young: And then we're gonna hop out and swim into the hole. You may get attacked by a couple fish along the way, just be careful. You just wanna go to the red light. When you get down here, you're gonna see a red flashing light. We're just gonna make our way towards that.
Gary Young: Right here on the ground.
Gary Young: This little data pack that we can pick up. This is gonna be the depth module MK1.
Gary Young: You can take your tattoo a little bit deeper.
Gary Young: But, this is where you can find the Depth Module MK1 here in Subnautica 2. Hopefully this video helps some of you guys out. I appreciate you.
Gary Young: What did you get?
Gary Young: No, I talk faster.
Gary Young: I stopped, and then I turned it.
Gary Young: Besides to see everything in the world.
Gary Young: All babies will pass the difference.
Gary Young: Thank you.
Gary Young: That's okay, baby.
Gary Young: Like, everything, everybody has souls.
Gary Young: Thank you, sorry!
Gary Young: I'm sorry.
Gary Young: You guessed it!
Gary Young: That sounds very correct.
Gary Young: The wrongdoes they're giving.
Gary Young: My eyes, I'm crying from laughing. Why are you crying from laughing?
Gary Young: That was really funny.
Gary Young: I won, by the way.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: Okay, here's a symphony.
Gary Young: You played this song for me at any time?
Gary Young: What?
Gary Young: Because that's not a sound very familiar with, I know, I love that.
Gary Young: It's in the brain!
Gary Young: So, tomorrow…
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: Go to the bed, go to bed.
Gary Young: 7.30 would be good.
Gary Young: Yes, or I can take a Waymo home.
Gary Young: Oh, hi.
Wade Brown: Good evening.
Gary Young: I did not realize I had the mic on.
Wade Brown: Oh. Well, you do.
Gary Young: How you doing?
Wade Brown: I'm alright.
Wade Brown: Dropped my partner off to the airport today, so I'm, flying solo for…
Wade Brown: About a week and a half.
Gary Young: Oh.
Gary Young: Do you have any big plans?
Wade Brown: I mean, mostly dog watching, and
Wade Brown: That's about it. I mean, you know, I live my life anyway.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Have you, fully escaped? I forget where we last left you.
Gary Young: I'm pretty well locked in now for Sunday being my last HR day.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: That's right, you finally got to give 2 weeks notice after giving it before, and whatever.
Gary Young: But, I do have some, goofy business with regards to my, my paycheck, because, they messed up some HR paperwork, and…
Gary Young: it might cost me 2 weeks pay, so we're gonna see if they can backdate a paycheck.
Wade Brown: Oh, weird.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: I mean…
Wade Brown: Yeah, well, I got laid off, so I can't really compare my experience. I got out cleanly, because, you know, they had to, for legal reasons, gift me everything.
Wade Brown: Plus Severance, but…
Wade Brown: I'm surprised. Google's done a bunch of layoffs. I'm surprised I couldn't just roll you into one of them, because, you know, voluntary…
Wade Brown: Exodus is, you know, kind of mutually beneficial.
Gary Young: Yeah, but if they're gonna get it for free, then surely gonna take that.
Wade Brown: You don't get it for free, right? There's the opportunity cost of having to lay somebody else off.
Wade Brown: Oh my god.
Gary Young: I…
Wade Brown: I mean, Roku was… Roku got me to quit for free, and they still, you know, dumped me, you know, dumped me a pile of money and said, like, yeah, you go, we'll, you know, keep somebody else on at your behalf.
Gary Young: Because, I'm not sure, but you could imagine a company running things by budget, right?
Wade Brown: I mean, then you're already screwed.
Gary Young: It's un… well, yeah.
Gary Young: But,
Gary Young: you can imagine that if the, if the VEP, you know, costs you against budget, then, you would want to do that.
Wade Brown: Oh, it's… You never know, I mean, it's… it could still be a…
Wade Brown: You know, paying you off versus, like, keeping a lower-paid employee, because that's usually who ends up left behind anyway, is the cheaper ones.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Wade Brown: You know, they always outsource or something like that.
Gary Young: Yep.
Wade Brown: But I think the biggest one is just the opportunity cost. Like, if somebody doesn't want to be there, you should, you know, let them go.
Wade Brown: maybe they'll come to their senses. I mean, that was… that was Caroline's thought when I left. She's like, well, if we give him a good severance, maybe he'll return in a couple months, because that's actually what I was asking for, is like, well, that's what we had negotiated down to. It's like, how about a hiatus, you know, or a sabbatical? And they're like, well, we can't do an 8-month sabbatical. I'm like, well…
Wade Brown: Give me what you can.
Gary Young: Clearly, they don't know you very well.
Wade Brown: David knew. David knew for sure I was going to leave.
Kostadis Roussos: They didn't.
Wade Brown: I'm sure he did.
Kostadis Roussos: But, you know, did he know, or did he sort of know?
Wade Brown: Oh, no, he knew.
Kostadis Roussos: Was his heart broken, and he didn't want to admit it to himself.
Wade Brown: He has no heart.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he does, he's got the sweetest heart ever.
Wade Brown: Hmm…
Wade Brown: Which one of us has worked with them more recently?
Kostadis Roussos: You? Yeah.
Wade Brown: Sis…
Gary Young: is the noble heart of Gaxon.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, look, dude, look, all I know is that every time
Kostadis Roussos: He's trying to do… to, like, be an asshole player?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I'm… I just… I got some…
Wade Brown: Got something in your eye?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I'm… I got somebody complaining to me from work.
Kostadis Roussos: So I gotta tell them that I'm not gonna…
Gary Young: Absolution to that.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Quit.
Wade Brown: That's my answer to everything, just quit.
Gary Young: So, I, I did have, when I,
Gary Young: When it started telling people I was quitting, retiring,
Gary Young: This one lady, started crying, and she…
Wade Brown: God, I never understand those people.
Gary Young: She would stop cracking for 45 minutes.
Wade Brown: I never understand those people.
Wade Brown: It's like, we're co-workers, like, if we weren't paid to deal with each other, we wouldn't deal with each other, like…
Gary Young: I was providing her some umbrella, and she was, not sure it was gonna work for her, without the umbrella support.
Wade Brown: Oh, she thinks she's in danger of getting, terminated.
Gary Young: Yes, yes, and she has, like, visa issues and other challenges that make it…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, hello. Hello, Stefan.
Wade Brown: Bonjour.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How are you guys doing?
Kostadis Roussos: We're doing good.
Wade Brown: Superman does good, you're doing well.
Gary Young: Morning with 102.5 degree fever.
Wade Brown: Oh, did you get COVID as well?
Gary Young: No, it's an ear infection.
Wade Brown: Oh, that's less exciting.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I get those quite a bit, as well.
Wade Brown: What are you guys doing to your ears?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I've got a, like, a skin condition in my ear, so this skin is dry, and so my ears get…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Plugged, and then I get an infection.
Wade Brown: Beautiful.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's untrusted.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, that's it, like, that was… so that sounds really awful.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, it's stress-related, but it's a passive stress. I don't feel stressed at work or in my life, but my body tells me otherwise. I guess that's the definition of stress, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Cortisol's gotta go somewhere.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, it turns out, I was reading a lot about that. Turns out there's, like, people who have, like, an unnatural level, an unhealthy and unnatural level of stress.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah. Yep.
Gary Young: Working people.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: pretty much the.
Wade Brown: Gary, you have become my best protege.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see whether he lasts as long as I did.
Gary Young: He listed, what was it, 2 weeks or 1 week?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Gary Young: You lasted 2 weeks or 1 week?
Kostadis Roussos: No. I lasted a month.
Gary Young: A month, oh.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, I got this job at Nutanix, and then I decided to fully experiment with no job and no obligations for 2 months.
Gary Young: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: And I was crawling out of my eyeballs and needed a job yesterday, and the day I arrived into work, I felt good about myself.
Wade Brown: Somebody who really relies on his external validation.
Gary Young: Oh my goodness.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, that's not it. I have a desperate need for connection with other people, and so that's why I play all this Dungeons & Dragons.
Wade Brown: what I just said? That's external validation.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, they don't validate me. I connect with them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hey, Dave, you look like you're ready to rub a bank, Dave.
Wade Brown: the Unabomber today.
David Mendenhall: A little bit cold. I'm here.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to get something to drink to me, so I got it.
Gary Young: I sent out my farewell email today.
Wade Brown: Did you have Gemini write it for you?
Gary Young: after the first 150 people on the BCC, like, I couldn't keep track of everyone, and then I was like, okay, just…
Gary Young: Please forward, because, like, I can't keep track of everything.
Gary Young: Ugh.
Gary Young: Now, there's another dozen people I didn't… Safeway.
Wade Brown: It's not like you're dying, you can say goodbye to them later.
Gary Young: Yeah, well, I told them, you know, like, some of them, hey, you know, like, I'm gonna be in Alabama next week, and I'll be bored sitting around in the hotel, you know.
Gary Young: Hey, you know, we'll catch up.
Wade Brown: How'd your China trip go?
Gary Young: China is in…
Wade Brown: Oh, it hasn't happened yet.
Gary Young: 4 weeks. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Gary Young: And I'm starting to believe that,
Kostadis Roussos: You know what? You're just bitter that I'm your fit. You failed me. Wade, you failed me.
Wade Brown: That's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: That you're just saying these things because you don't want to accept the fact that you failed me as a mentor.
Kostadis Roussos: I spent a lot of time trying to come up with that one, I hope it landed.
Wade Brown: plans.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So…
Kostadis Roussos: That's awesome.
Wade Brown: We'll hunt.
Kostadis Roussos: okay, good, good, just very proud of myself. It was, this was… this was not a… Right.
Wade Brown: I suppose I should open things.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, I, I did put a brief summary, so if folks want to know what the hell happened last week.
Gary Young: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Some performers showed up, and then…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no, just any performers, but Romardo and Corin.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Half the people on the call don't know who they are, but yes.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I… They're unknown to me as well, but that's alright.
Kostadis Roussos: They're on the top.
Gary Young: Alphine recognizes any gods of fate, though.
Kostadis Roussos: No, but, I mean, so in a… so, recognized is a complicated term.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, in, in, in the, the, the, in the cosmology.
Kostadis Roussos: Of the…
Kostadis Roussos: So, I'm just gonna tell you what the cosmology is, so that you know what the rules are. You can then choose to believe whatever you want, but I just want you to know what the rules are.
Kostadis Roussos: So that there… so that you don't get, like, you know… Valfina can choose to do whatever she wants that doesn't change the general rules.
Kostadis Roussos: The general rules are that there is a God of Fate.
Wade Brown: 1…
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's what you just found out. There's not only one.
Kostadis Roussos: But that…
Gary Young: Power, you make your own fee.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, I mean, so, so, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: In my twisted version of Dungeons & Dragons, the critical essential element of… the one faction of Lothian clerics believed that what Loth brought was choice.
Kostadis Roussos: that cork…
Gary Young: of choice.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But that, Korillon was all about, you know, we're gonna have the one true path, nature, blah blah blah, and Loth was, we need to have free will and choice.
Kostadis Roussos: So, that is one interpretation. Of course, it came along with a lot of other baggage.
David Mendenhall: Sounds like something Satan would say, right?
Kostadis Roussos: My god.
David Mendenhall: has too many rules, like, I'm gonna make my own kingdom where we can, you know, have fun, we don't have to follow the rules, kind of me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, like I said, choice.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't say… like I said, there's a positive view of choice, and then there's a satanic view of choice.
David Mendenhall: Sounds very satanic.
Kostadis Roussos: In her case, it turned out to be exactly that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Yes, so any resident of Faerun would know of Savros, who's the god of fate.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, whether they respect him, worship him, offer feudalty to him is orthogonal to acknowledging his existence. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: Or rather, it would be commonly acknowledged as existing. Now, whether Valfine chooses to acknowledge his existence or not is a Valfine choice. I'm just gonna say, talk to anybody else, they're most likely gonna say, of course Avarus exists.
Gary Young: That's correct.
Kostadis Roussos: And that, you know, he's part of the Ferunian pantheon.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's the God of Fate.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, as a Law Finn, you would… as a former law fan, you would, of course, be dismissive of him, because
Kostadis Roussos: From your perspective, fate is antithetical to choice.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, a conventional Lothian cleric.
Gary Young: Did we decide what…
Kostadis Roussos: No, but even if she wasn't, she was hanging around lots of Lothian clerics, right?
Gary Young: Decide what alignment she is.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, the alignment… alignment is a signal for you. There's no… I don't play with stinkin' alignment.
Kostadis Roussos: Other than for monsters.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: serious.
Gary Young: Keep going, keep going.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, I don't know whether she's good or evil at this point.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: I literally do not know whether she is good or evil. Alright.
Gary Young: Certainly a matter of perspective.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and that's what I think is the most important part of her.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: It's loading very slowly for me. Very, very slowly.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Where are you?
David Mendenhall: Common, just really painfully slow.
Kostadis Roussos: Where are you, by the way?
David Mendenhall: On one of my trips.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I see. So you're… that's why I was… I was just curious, like, where you were?
Wade Brown: Got an alley.
David Mendenhall: There's no local, no local CDN.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, where in God's green earth are you?
David Mendenhall: Hmm?
Kostadis Roussos: Where are you?
David Mendenhall: Just one of my usual locations, somewhere in Europe.
David Mendenhall: Me and Stefan, hanging out here with no CDNs.
Kostadis Roussos: He's got a CDN, but it's an American CDN, so the French don't use it anymore.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Excellent.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So you're in Paris. You're in France? I'm not.
David Mendenhall: Paris, no. I'm in, I'm in England.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: England, oh.
Wade Brown: He had a Brutals for me.
David Mendenhall: Yeah…
Wade Brown: He was here a couple weeks ago for, I don't know, a dentist appointment?
David Mendenhall: Her dentist appointment.
Wade Brown: I think that's what it was, you know.
David Mendenhall: He doesn't call me, he doesn't call me the way he calls you.
Kostadis Roussos: Who, who, who calls?
David Mendenhall: That's a mutual friend of ours.
Kostadis Roussos: I see.
Wade Brown: I don't think he has friends.
David Mendenhall: Something like that.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's… he's unique. He's weird to me.
David Mendenhall: That is saying something.
Wade Brown: Yeah, but I, like, I think he's farther on the scale than I am.
Gary Young: Fair.
David Mendenhall: Alright, let's kill some two hit point monsters.
Kostadis Roussos: I was just trying to find my, like… where the hell is it? Why can't I not find it?
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Nothing, I'm just looking for something.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, I don't know why that's not working, but that's not important, I've got other ways of making that work. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, first of all, we have, Soma.
Kostadis Roussos: Search comedium, no, here we go.
Kostadis Roussos: It says a lot, I don't wish we were audit drone, the chief accountant.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… Never actually shared this with you guys.
Kostadis Roussos: M…
Wade Brown: Like, a lot of the anchorites.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know.
David Mendenhall: Kind of how I envisioned them, yeah. Oh, not the.
Wade Brown: the Wolverine.
David Mendenhall: Claws. Those aren't really claws, though, those are just weapons. Okay, I got it.
Wade Brown: Yeah, they're, like, attached to his bracers or whatever.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Woodland mounts, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And just see what…
David Mendenhall: I think that would interfere with the somatic component of his… Spellcasting.
David Mendenhall: I see. So me and Blueberry are at the bottom of the stairs. Soma is the top of the… at the top of the stairs.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I climbed up through the hole.
Kostadis Roussos: And it climbed up to the hole over here.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Gary Young: Dana's looking for trouble.
David Mendenhall: And what's the,
David Mendenhall: Can you… can you say how difficult it would be for me in Blueberry to climb up the staircase, the collapsed staircase?
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see…
Gary Young: So, like, Brew Perry already climbed up it before.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's, like, 10… it's a 10… it's 8 feet tall, so the blueberry could literally rage, jump up.
David Mendenhall: He could just jump up and do it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and he could certainly lift you up.
David Mendenhall: Okay. Well, he'd have to choose to do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I'm just saying, if he chose to do that, he could do that.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, it's not his turn. It's Soma's turn.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, right, right, I have my, I have to get my, initiative tracker.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I didn't roll initiative for these creatures.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Brewberry, you get up from the prone position, you have been stabbed with a bunch of stakes and unpleasant positions.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whatever, toothpicks.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you know, that…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is it my turn, then?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it is.
David Mendenhall: Oh, Brubbery collapsed the stair and got injured, but is.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, as we… Well, I think these kind of things sort of happen simultaneously.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we split…
David Mendenhall: If you're knocked prone, don't you lose…
David Mendenhall: Does that cause you to lose?
Kostadis Roussos: So you lose half your movement to get up.
David Mendenhall: calf your movement, and that's all. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The other guys get advantages to attack, but that's not relevant here, because…
David Mendenhall: Well, that's well you're prone. Yeah.
Wade Brown: But if it happens during your turn, not that big a deal.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so I'll go into a rage and into my giant form, and I will…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: If I can, I will lift, get up, lift up, Vucruden, and…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Try to get him up, or back up.
Kostadis Roussos: What would be your actions? Do you want to do that, or do you want to climb up and attack?
David Mendenhall: It's okay, you can leave me. Go kill some sturges.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, so let's do that, then. I'll get…
Kostadis Roussos: I'll move you, I'll move you, here you go.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, the afternoon.
Kostadis Roussos: If you swipe right, you should see yourself.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, and then, so what I'll Sturger's?
Kostadis Roussos: There's 3 surges that have landed on SOMA.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Can I… Attack them and touch them without touching Soma?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you can.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, excellent.
Wade Brown: Follow up the fur!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Let's do that. Yes.
David Mendenhall: Kind of like he grabs it and…
David Mendenhall: Breaks it in two, grabs another one, snaps it.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Lovely. I rolled a 2.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, it's a 10? 10 doesn't hit, does it?
David Mendenhall: Use your blasts.
Wade Brown: The sturges are 14, yeah, you only need plus 2.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bless his, what, what D8?
David Mendenhall: for…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: A D4? Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright, let's roll that.
Wade Brown: Come on!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah…
Wade Brown: Now you can use your Barticle.
David Mendenhall: You can use your Bardic inspiration if you want.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Which is, what, 1D6?
Wade Brown: Well, yeah, but at this point, it's just a 1.
Wade Brown: It can't miss if you roll it.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you know what?
David Mendenhall: AC14?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, a tube?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Another one!
Wade Brown: Oh, wait, it's their fort… oh…
David Mendenhall: It's AC14, so he missed. He missed, yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, despite…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and the.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: bardic inspiration. It's my usual look, you know, Wednesday look.
Wade Brown: Well, it's not like an insight role, where you're really, you know…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Wade Brown: The stuff you're good at.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And I assume since I… I had to climb up this
Stéphane Bourdeaud: and so on. Yeah, I only have one axe.
Audio shared by Kostadis Roussos: That's it. Attack.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Pretty much. Pretty much.
Gary Young: Two attacks with that one action, huh.
Wade Brown: Is that from Rocky?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, two attacks with that one action, okay, well, let's go again.
Gary Young: Your tax reform action. Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, what do you mean, two attacks? He only gets…
Gary Young: Can't he do two attacks with one action?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, oh yeah, second attack, yes, the second attack. He attacks it and he kills it.
Wade Brown: I think he vaporizes one of them.
Kostadis Roussos: And because you have… hold on, because you have, Cleave, you can attack again.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so you hit once, and then you can cleave to the other one.
Wade Brown: Better rolls.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Much better roles. Much better roles.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and you kill the other one, and it splatters into a thousand pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: My first.
Wade Brown: It's all muddy, or bloody.
David Mendenhall: Could have killed 3, but you killed 2.
Wade Brown: That's fine, they're not gonna do anything to me, right?
David Mendenhall: Also, Bardic Inspiration's a D8, guys, not a D6.
Kostadis Roussos: And then, just, just to make…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it doesn't matter, but it's a D8.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, character cheat.
Kostadis Roussos: And just to make things… oh, didn't want that.
Kostadis Roussos: Change later.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Three more…
David Mendenhall: which one's died? Which… number one?
Kostadis Roussos: Number 2 and number 3.
David Mendenhall: 1 and 3, oh, okay, how convenient, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: One, one, two, and three.
David Mendenhall: One is up. Serge one is a…
Kostadis Roussos: 101 is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: 2 was… 1 and… 1 and 3 died, sorry.
David Mendenhall: One and three died.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
David Mendenhall: Alright, Belfina.
Kostadis Roussos: I hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: He got attacked by a bunch of sturges.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewberry.
Gary Young: by some new surges.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they were hiding in the rafters.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whatever. Bring it on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let's just say they flop onto you.
Kostadis Roussos: What's your armor cluster?
Kostadis Roussos: What was your armor class, man?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: My armor class is 15.
David Mendenhall: It says 16 on the tracker.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, my character sheet says 15.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so we'll fix the tracker.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the first attack is a miss, the second attack is a miss, and the third attack is a hit.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Can you take…
Kostadis Roussos: You take… you've got one of them stuck in you, and you take 5 points of damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It tickles.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so I'm just like, you know, it is what it is. Alright.
Gary Young: Busy, raging? He can resist some of the damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I don't need to.
Wade Brown: so mad.
Kostadis Roussos: Not a good…
Wade Brown: resist this mosquito?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, you get the resistance by default.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Huh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do I?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't actually have to do anything, you actually have to actively choose to not do something.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Not choosing not to do something.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But how does the, resistance work? Does that mean I get half the damage, because it's a certain type of attack? Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: piercing damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So that would be, rounded up, so that's 3 instead of 5?
Kostadis Roussos: No, 2 rounded out, 2 points of damage.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 2 points of damage. And, let's see, so that's put CS52… okay, got it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: Is it my turn now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, it's your turn.
Gary Young: With the perception of 20, do I notice that there's something going on?
Kostadis Roussos: Where?
Gary Young: I'm pretty far away.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, let's be… you know, with a perception of 10, you would have heard Blueberry raging, jumping up.
Kostadis Roussos: You, you…
Gary Young: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: It's… you would have heard brewberry rage falling down a thing, Soma going out, and telling Soma going…
Wade Brown: I can't talk.
Kostadis Roussos: But if you feel that that is too low, if the 20 is not sufficient, that's why I ask you, what did you notice?
Gary Young: I'm just checking, just checking.
Gary Young: So I can make it to about here.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Gary Young: That seems like it's below the, the hole in the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: And that's with the double move.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so where did you go? Okay, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but the stairs, by the way, you have to jump up to 8 feet to get upstairs, that's just the only caveat.
Gary Young: Fair enough.
Kostadis Roussos: And by the way, you went through here, right?
Gary Young: I wouldn't… Through there, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you would've got… this is the stairways up there, just in case you're wondering.
Audio shared by Kostadis Roussos: Sure.
Gary Young: Right. I'll end up here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: And should we send the Prusa comes with me?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Ruth, that would of course come with you.
Wade Brown: Good proof.
Kostadis Roussos: Ruthey is like, Blessed be the light!
Gary Young: Next, we have… For crop.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Right, vicious mockery works if I can hear the creature.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you can definitely hear them, you can def… you definitely.
David Mendenhall: We do not have to be able to see it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, well, you can definitely hear them.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so, Wisdom saving throw on a Sturge.
David Mendenhall: Definitely one on, on, brewberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you're, you're definitely hang… you know, brewberry?
David Mendenhall: My man, Brewberry.
Kostadis Roussos: Makes a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Shockingly.
Kostadis Roussos: That is…
David Mendenhall: Kind of shocking.
David Mendenhall: Hang on. I'm gonna use my… can I… can I do something about failed saves? Hold on, I might be.
Kostadis Roussos: You have that, you have that… that's spelled, if I recall correctly.
David Mendenhall: Shoot.
David Mendenhall: Having some issues here.
David Mendenhall: Yes, so I'll use silvery barbs. You have to re-roll a D…
David Mendenhall: When a creature succeeds on a saving throw. Sure. Alright, silvery barbs… Please re-roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what do I have to beat? I did not beat.
David Mendenhall: It's the same, same saving throw. I know, but… GC15.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it dies.
David Mendenhall: Sturge dies, and…
David Mendenhall: Initiative Tracker says… Soma gets advantage.
Wade Brown: Absolutely.
David Mendenhall: back.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Soma, you have a stir that's sort of sitting on top of you.
Wade Brown: Yeah, not for long.
Wade Brown: So I have advantage on the first attack.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Wade Brown: Alright, so that'll be on the… oh, goddammit.
Wade Brown: How did I get this to work last time?
David Mendenhall: But, first of all… but first, Sturge 4 is up.
Kostadis Roussos: Versus George Forest up. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I did make sure that it's the same Sturge. Sturge4 will try to blood drain you.
Kostadis Roussos: And will not.
Wade Brown: Oh, sorry, ignore that.
Wade Brown: Why is this not…
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: Now it's my turn to have the issues,
Wade Brown: We'll do it the old way.
Wade Brown: Alright, so I have advantage…
Wade Brown: Alright, I think I kill it.
Kostadis Roussos: You do?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yes. You bite it, and it explodes into a thousand gruesome little pieces.
Wade Brown: Alright, and then I take a step over, and I go after the one on, one of the two that's on Brewberry. Assume I can, you know, control my claws, or… yeah, claws on…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes, just for the record, you can.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: Damn, a clumsy bear.
Wade Brown: But, 14, that's enough to hit.
David Mendenhall: 8's enough, and 8's enough.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you kill it?
Wade Brown: Oh yeah, I also, yeah. I forgot, I also have Primal.
Wade Brown: strike on this too, but whatever.
David Mendenhall: We see our one-quarter monsters here. This is very interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, like, the module put them there?
Kostadis Roussos: Keep going.
Wade Brown: That's it, that's my two actions, or two attacks.
David Mendenhall: Is the issue that, like, most of the monsters were killed in the big battle?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes!
David Mendenhall: I see. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, yes, they charge to take you down. You defeated them in a massive battle, which…
Kostadis Roussos: This is, this is, you, you, you've… You've defeated most of them.
David Mendenhall: We're left with a very underleveled encounter.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, this is what happens when you make choices.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: Consequences have consequences.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, yes, if you had attacked here first, it would have been a very different encounter.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, yes, no, the world does change based on your choices. This is one of the beautiful things about using all of my tools.
David Mendenhall: No, I go on… I go on, I go on,
David Mendenhall: read it, and I write the Woodland Mance encounter was really easy, and someone else comes and says, what are you saying? I was blasted by lightning four times, and I was practically a TPK.
Kostadis Roussos: And then you ask them, but no, no, beef and better.
David Mendenhall: They didn't have the big battle before with the Mets.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, what you really need to do is you need to say, there was these interdimensional creatures in Axhome.
David Mendenhall: And then they say, those aren't in the module.
Kostadis Roussos: Shakespeare!
Wade Brown: Ignore this roll, I just want to check something.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who's next?
Wade Brown: Oh, that doesn't do it, alright. Dang. Alright, nevermind.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, proof of your work.
Kostadis Roussos: Proof that the orc would… He already… Oh, he already.
Gary Young: He was next to me.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so great.
Kostadis Roussos: Boney, alright, Sturge 1 and 3. Is there a Sturge 1 and 3 still alive?
Kostadis Roussos: There's a Surge 3.
Kostadis Roussos: Doesn't… wait.
Kostadis Roussos: He already attacked, so let's start all over again. Okay, top of the initiative. Blueberry, you get to attack.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: There's only one left?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there's only one.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Just kidding.
Wade Brown: I helped you, I took out two, you took out two.
Wade Brown: We're getting there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I, it's stuck on me, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, it's trying to stuck on you, right? It's kind of like… it buzzed, and it kind of missed you, and now it's buzzing again to try to kill you, to bite you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And now it dies.
Kostadis Roussos: And it explodes in a blast of bug juice.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Haha, and you see me rejoice in the blood.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright, what do you do next?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What do you mean?
David Mendenhall: Can you, can you pull me up?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes. Can I join you? Yukrajin up, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Sophina, that's up to you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will assume…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So I'm enjoying the bloodbath, my friend.
Kostadis Roussos: Except for… except for, Boney. Boney is.
Wade Brown: Yeah, he's… he's clomping around outside at the front door.
Kostadis Roussos: Boney is, you know, methodically pretending to eat pumpkin.
Wade Brown: He's a ghost and skeleton, he doesn't need.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, I said pretending to, like, you know, it's a habit thing. Did you go there, Vukrudin?
David Mendenhall: What, I moved 10 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I just, I asked you, did you go there?
David Mendenhall: Yeah! Hey, three more strips.
Kostadis Roussos: No, sturge… 3 more sturges landed on top of you.
Gary Young: It's a friend.
Kostadis Roussos: I just was like, okay, I even gave them the hint before, they're above you, but no, nobody wants to look up. Nobody wants to look up.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay, so they drop on you and attack.
David Mendenhall: AC14.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: 3D20… alright, so… that is 1 hit for 5 points of damage.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Well, it's about time somebody hit me.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Did you have any spells that you have to roll for concentration, you know, just out of curiosity?
David Mendenhall: I do not.
Kostadis Roussos: Can't wait till you get the… are you gonna get the word, Caster?
David Mendenhall: I'm currently active.
Wade Brown: I have Warcaster, I forget.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna get Warcaster just to make my life more irritating.
David Mendenhall: I do not have War Master. I don't get a lot of feats in this class.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. You're not a rogue. Alright, so, Sturges. Alright, I will, assume you're gonna kill them all. Brewberry, you're up. And I will check their initiative afterwards. Blueberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Enough of those sturges.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so do you move in to attack?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, actually.
David Mendenhall: You're too!
David Mendenhall: I haven't been.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, actually, strictly speaking, you can attack from there.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: You've got a 20-foot radius.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Move a little bit, just, you know, to be, to enhance precision.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And then…
Kostadis Roussos: At least make strictly… yes, okay, go.
David Mendenhall: Ed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's the CR of those things?
Gary Young: I think they were.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh…
Kostadis Roussos: They have two hit points. If you hit 4…
David Mendenhall: mine's dead.
Kostadis Roussos: He got to 13, he missed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I rolled a 13.
David Mendenhall: No, no, he has the blast. He has the blast, that's automatic, plus one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: There you go. Is that good enough for you?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and then you get a cleave.
Gary Young: That cleave is pretty effective.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's just those pests, it's just annoying.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm in one.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so.
David Mendenhall: Why did I move? I want to be there. Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, because I was trying to deal with the friggin' on-top of creatures and below creatures, it was kind of, like, getting annoying.
David Mendenhall: Are there any more dirges in the rafters?
Kostadis Roussos: Roll your perception.
David Mendenhall: role perception?
Kostadis Roussos: Insight, insight, insight, sorry, insight, or investigate. Insight. Or investigation.
Gary Young: Which one do you want me to roll? You do both.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma, you don't notice anything.
Wade Brown: Guys, it's all clear!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you guys.
David Mendenhall: I got an 11. Nope, 13. 13.
Kostadis Roussos: Ford, Soma, do you tell them about them, or do you want to be muted some more?
Wade Brown: I didn't… I didn't see shit.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, Valfine.
Gary Young: Oh, there's more? Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'll try to stop them. But by the way, I think I seem to be getting double rolls here, so, just take the first roll.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that's what I… that's what I was doing anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he rolled a 17 Insight, that's fine. Alright.
Gary Young: Okay.
Gary Young: I think I will… Move in here and do my,
Gary Young: I have an AoE spell here to… to get a go.
Wade Brown: Spirit Guardians.
Gary Young: Word of Radiance.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: They are 15 feet up in the rafters, so the word of radiance is a 5-foot area.
Gary Young: That is ineffective.
Kostadis Roussos: You can hold on… so, hold on. You can choose to hold on to your spell, show up underneath, let them fall on you.
Kostadis Roussos: And then cast your word of Radiance.
Wade Brown: any of the action.
Gary Young: Yeah, sure, I'll do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you do that…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what's their saving throw? 16, one of them makes it, the other one does not.
Kostadis Roussos: Two hit points, they'd both die.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You let them fall on you, you emanate with brilliant, radiant light, and Prutha goes, behold the power of the sun.
Wade Brown: It can kill mosquitoes.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, he, he, he, he engages in a, you know, chest thumping, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: He's taking his very… he's taking his new recent religious conversion seriously. Alright.
David Mendenhall: He's a zealot.
Gary Young: Typical orcish communication mechanisms, which is appropriate.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, yeah, you could say that. He's born again. Bored again lithandrite.
David Mendenhall: born again. I love it.
Kostadis Roussos: She's boy.
David Mendenhall: I can't seem to open doors.
Kostadis Roussos: That's because they're not doors, they are, light… Pictures, there you go.
Wade Brown: what?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: tight.
Kostadis Roussos: There's two ways you can manage light in this game.
Wade Brown: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, I can… I… it…
Wade Brown: It's okay, just carry on.
David Mendenhall: Anyone in this room? Did anything attack me?
Kostadis Roussos: No. No, this is actually… so this… so if you recall from over here.
Kostadis Roussos: From below the stairs, this is sort of like the balcony on top of the stairs.
David Mendenhall: Oh, it's a balcony, okay. What about in here? There.
Wade Brown: the circular room?
David Mendenhall: The circular room. Alright.
Wade Brown: Pardon.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, section of this wood shing… oh, sorry, no, sorry. This room has a conical roof and an open window to the north, through which ivy grows. A cast iron tub with clawed feet stands in the middle of the room. Next to the tub is a rusty iron water pump that still works, drawing water from a hot spring under the house. This is a bad…
Kostadis Roussos: This is a bathtub.
Wade Brown: Cannonballed!
Kostadis Roussos: Power.
David Mendenhall: It's like a warm bath? Yes. How long has it been since I had a warm bath?
Wade Brown: Too long.
Kostadis Roussos: I can't tell. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Which way would you like to go?
Gary Young: Tucked out here.
Wade Brown: I mean, we haven't gone south yet, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Huh?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, in here, I'd say.
David Mendenhall: There's a cow.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: A four-poster bed stands between two shuttered windows against the west wall. Am I reading the right thing? Other furniture is including a desk and a chair against the north wall, and an empty wardrobe against the east wall. A fireplace built into the south wall features an elegantly covered
Kostadis Roussos: Mentalpiece.
Wade Brown: Fireplace?
David Mendenhall: I'm going to search for a secret door right around here.
David Mendenhall: There seems to be something missing on the map.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll your… alright, fine, you… since you correctly guessed it, I will tell you where it is.
David Mendenhall: Just kick the.
Wade Brown: Well, they didn'.
David Mendenhall: was look at… compare the first and second floor maps. Just kidding.
Wade Brown: No, you should…
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, a lot of people are not capable of doing that, just for the record.
Kostadis Roussos: And we should not judge them.
Wade Brown: Yes, we should.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, fine, we should. Alright, so, hold on, before you go in there, do you want to look at anything?
Wade Brown: I wanna look at the… I wanna look at the fireplace, is there anything in there.
Gary Young: the desk.
Gary Young: Dusk.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you find a stat… okay, Vukridan is currently walking into the other room. So, Soma, you have an opportunity to try to pick this up without saying it.
Wade Brown: I mean, I can't speak right now, so he won't, he won't hear anything other than roar orr.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
David Mendenhall: Where are you gonna put it? That's what I wanna know. When you're in bear form, like, where's your backpack?
Wade Brown: It just, you just jam it in, and it gets into the tangled mess of fur.
Wade Brown: That bird calls, well, that's appropriate for me.
Wade Brown: Common.
Kostadis Roussos: You were… I…
David Mendenhall: Wow.
Wade Brown: Wow, that is, phenomenally useless to a drool.
David Mendenhall: It's very portrayed.
Kostadis Roussos: But you don't even know what ha-.
David Mendenhall: Friends!
Kostadis Roussos: You didn't… don't even know it happened to you.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Ugh. That's even worse! You guys are, like, going behind my back.
Wade Brown: Is he in the other room?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but, but, you see, the joke's on them, though.
Gary Young: How old?
Kostadis Roussos: Good cause.
Wade Brown: So it's this staff of bird calls blood money?
Kostadis Roussos: Hanging on the hook on the far wall is a handsome cloak that billows softly as the door opens. Against the north wall sits a wooden chest with tiny clawed feet.
Wade Brown: A treasure chest.
David Mendenhall: I mean, I would say it differently. Not only are you taking something that's not yours, you know who the owner is!
David Mendenhall: And you're stealing it from him!
Wade Brown: The Falcon.
David Mendenhall: The Falcon!
Wade Brown: No, no, no, no. That guy's a chode.
Kostadis Roussos: No, he doesn't own the place.
Wade Brown: Wait, who owns the place?
Kostadis Roussos: You don't actually know who owns the place.
Wade Brown: Ow.
David Mendenhall: I thought he said this was his, and it was overrun, and we were saving it.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna have to check.
David Mendenhall: He's gonna give us the boots if we, like, free it and all that stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: I gotta…
Wade Brown: What's sad, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I don't know whether he was gonna give you the boots because they were… they were orcs there, or because I don't remember. That's… that's…
Gary Young: At the very least, it's his neighbor's house, right?
David Mendenhall: I mean, if you ask him nicely, he might just say you can keep it, and then it doesn't have to be a blood wand.
Gary Young: So, what is this, cloak?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, hold on.
Wade Brown: It makes you feel better, the staff of bird calls is, you know, completely useless.
Gary Young: Yeah, we can overturn this tab.
Gary Young: That's fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so it's, you know, the half-orcs dwell in a ruined stone mens overgrown with vines roughly 10 miles from here.
Kostadis Roussos: Tales say that the manse was built by a scholar who studied the elblin ruins scattered throughout these woods.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You know, strictly speaking, he had no next of kin.
David Mendenhall: So what… so why would…
Kostadis Roussos: Because…
David Mendenhall: want to give us Boots of Elvenkind for clearing out a random…
David Mendenhall: Because he was… he has no attachment to.
Kostadis Roussos: Because these orcs were planning to attack him, as we… as we noticed.
Wade Brown: He just wanted us to sabotage the assault.
David Mendenhall: I felt like it was an unsafe thing, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, this was at this…
David Mendenhall: By the way, keep whatever you find there, I don't give a shit, that's what you're saying?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes!
Gary Young: Well, you know, like, if the scholar lived only a couple hours' walk away, then the scholar probably came to the Falcon's place as a customer. Right.
Gary Young: Nap.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: to each other.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Valfine, while, Vukriddin is over there, you notice a secret door over here.
Gary Young: Okay.
David Mendenhall: It's almost like, not only do we need to return these items to the rightful owner, we need to return the entire building to its rightful owner.
David Mendenhall: Right before the Falcon just takes it.
Wade Brown: Was the Falcon taking? He just… he didn't want the, the assault happening, and that's… that's been taken.
Kostadis Roussos: That's, that's, that's all he wants. Alright. So, so, Dave, there's the, the, there's the…
David Mendenhall: Anyway, I went into this door and saw nothing.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, you saw the, the chest, and the, and the handsome cloak.
David Mendenhall: Oh, there was a chest and a handsome coat inside? Okay, so… alright, so we'll lock that door. We'll leave that for when the rightful owners return.
David Mendenhall: I can't move my character.
Kostadis Roussos: What, you can't?
David Mendenhall: Alright, yeah. Just, just some odds and ends in there, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Velfina, you walked in there.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you walk in there? I'm asking for it, right?
Kostadis Roussos: R. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. This room has a large 10-foot-high wooden balcony forming its upper level, reached by a wooden spiral staircase, curling down to the flagstone floor. Tall, empty bookcases line the walls.
Kostadis Roussos: Their shelves mostly bowed and broken. On the lower level, east of the two… am I reading this correctly? Our four old desks with chairs tucked behind them. A few moldy books are scattered about.
Gary Young: We look at the books there.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, did you look through the books?
Gary Young: Sure, just curious. Anything look… You know, undamaged.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so one of the books is titled Elvish Idioms.
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you pick it up to look at it? It's one of the few books that does not look damaged.
Gary Young: That looks interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: You open it and discover a tiny leather packet.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Best of disappearance.
Kostadis Roussos: Which goes into the blood pile, not into the normal pile.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's all that there is here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: Any more sturges?
Gary Young: Isn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: No, there'.
David Mendenhall: Looks like there's a room downstairs we missed.
Gary Young: So, we can go down the spiral stairs from where I am to, the first floor.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I'm assuming that's what you're gonna do.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, bony keeps showing up. Brewberry is no longer giant-formed.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I can't change it myself, can I?
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Kostadis Roussos: And Bonies over here. Alright, this is just the staircase, the stairs, in the library, it's the same.
Kostadis Roussos: Same, this is the…
David Mendenhall: And then there's another room at the north end of ground level that we've not explored.
Kostadis Roussos: Younger.
Kostadis Roussos: Because when you've got here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and then, okay, place party.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Okay, so… So, alrighty. Okay, so this is number 5.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The walls are covered with crude…
Kostadis Roussos: The walls are covered with crude drawings and blood that depict wars chasing stick-figured humanoids.
Kostadis Roussos: A fireplace dominates the south side of the room, and a smashed wooden dining table lies in a heap in the eastern half of the room, surrounded by six broken chairs.
David Mendenhall: hold.
Kostadis Roussos: Small twig figures rest on the mantelpiece, each one representing one of you.
David Mendenhall: Wait, what?
David Mendenhall: They knew we were coming.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, they… you saw them before.
David Mendenhall: Interesting. Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you touch them, or leave them be?
David Mendenhall: No.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you say, Derek? What did Valfinha say?
Gary Young: I will study them.
Kostadis Roussos: We're steady.
Gary Young: What their purpose is, and…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no…
David Mendenhall: this. Didn't we… aren't these similar to the ones that we encountered in the forest that I… that were cursed, and…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: those, right? So we know that we should not touch these.
Wade Brown: boss.
David Mendenhall: We've learned this. Maybe you missed that session, Gary.
Kostadis Roussos: Perhaps to make sure, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. So, yes. There are… they are. So, Blueberry, of course, is, was the one who missed the session, but, he was the one who said he learned from the peop… the wise women of his village, you do not touch cursed artifacts.
David Mendenhall: Right, he's the only one who, like, made his wisdom.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. And then… Bob Vukrin's reaction was, never mind. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, are the rest of the…
David Mendenhall: I learned my lesson, I'm not touching them.
Kostadis Roussos: Fit.
Gary Young: You don't want to destroy them? What's, what's the…
Kostadis Roussos: Well… But Rucrative doesn't want to touch them. Valfina, you should feel free to do whatever.
Gary Young: Well, do I know how dangerous they are?
Kostadis Roussos: No, they are indistinguishable from wood, from dried figs. I mean, they… they may… of all you know, they are dried fig clothes, dried things.
Gary Young: And they harvest.
Gary Young: What? If left behind, will they harm us?
Kostadis Roussos: Unclear.
Gary Young: And if we destroy them, will that harm us?
Wade Brown: Unclear?
Kostadis Roussos: Unclear.
Gary Young: alright,
Gary Young: I think I will cast some spell to destroy the Valfinum one, you know, from a distance.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you destroy the Valhima. Alright, roll, what is the spell you cast?
Gary Young: Let's see… Maybe you, like… That's fine.
Gary Young: Sacred foot.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't have to roll saving throw, because that would automatically, if one of them dies…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the remaining 3 wig blights come to life.
Kostadis Roussos: Twig blades.
Wade Brown: Twigged lights!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: You just had to touch them, didn't you? Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I told you.
Kostadis Roussos: Twinklites, sorry.
David Mendenhall: But you know what? We said we would secure and make this a safe place, and if we had left these…
David Mendenhall: For someone else, some innocent to encounter, we would not have done our job properly. You know what, you were right, Galfina.
Gary Young: I was called by Luther to do it.
David Mendenhall: As long as you kill them and I don't get injured.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll for initiative.
Gary Young: I would assume that I'm closer to them, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: I rolled the… I put the creatures in for their initiative.
Gary Young: Do we need to… Do you breeding other people's finish?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, what'd you say?
Gary Young: In the front.
Gary Young: through Cronin, you're still… You're still 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you roll furniture of Crowdan?
Kostadis Roussos: Dave.
Kostadis Roussos: Dave, you're on mute.
David Mendenhall: I am 20.
Gary Young: worth it.
Gary Young: I think it's from Krakenstream.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Bukradin, you're up.
David Mendenhall: Whoa.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The volume is a bit lower, Gary.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Oh, my token shrunk, can you make me back to large?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: 18 to hit.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a hit.
David Mendenhall: 4 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: 4 damage?
Audio shared by Kostadis Roussos: Which one? I'll just… Number 2. Number 1, 2…
David Mendenhall: Whichever one is earliest in the initiative order.
Kostadis Roussos: It'll be tough.
Wade Brown: Number one.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you attack him with?
David Mendenhall: Starry Wisp, Radiant Damage.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, it was a ranged weapon, is what I was asking. Yeah. Dead. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Who is next?
Wade Brown: Phoenix?
Gary Young: Well, if you knew?
Gary Young: I'd like to stand here.
David Mendenhall: Is that the combat music? Is that what this is?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes?
Gary Young: Password of Radiance, I guess.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You're getting attacked by musician twigs.
David Mendenhall: Status, go into audio.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: the… and click, the noise… turn off noise removal.
Wade Brown: Yeah. I have it under…
Kostadis Roussos: Original sound for musicians.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Because it gets cut…
Wade Brown: Wow.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: On and off, on and off, on and off.
Kostadis Roussos: If you guys want the audio, there's a better way to do it, so I'll send you the link.
Kostadis Roussos: Would you like… if you guys like the audio, in fact, what I will do is I will do it in such a way that you can all choose to listen to the audio if you want.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Send us, send me the link.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will not do it today, because I have to, like… but I will set it up for next week. I figured out…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I figured it out. Alright, so for next week, I'll do that. Essentially, what happens is I give you a link, you play the link, when I click on music, it shows up where you are. If you don't want to hear the music, you don't click the link.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I finally figured out how these things work. Okay.
Gary Young: So it took bites they need to make it Constitution-safe. DC4.
Kostadis Roussos: They have 12 points of damage, so they're dead.
Kostadis Roussos: They only had 4 hit points.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So I think this deserves a, victory.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: town.
David Mendenhall: I feel like we are more powerful than these creatures.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Slightly. And then…
David Mendenhall: Slightly OP for this dungeon. Little bit, little, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Got twinkle, man.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Good.
Gary Young: stream here.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Well, I mean, you know, it's… I… you guys went down…
David Mendenhall: 3 March. Yeah, it's a difficult one.
Kostadis Roussos: you guys went down a different path, I'm like, I don't know, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I thought, nature has run roughshod over this kitchen, whose furnishings… oh, by the way, as Rukraden, Valfine goes in there, rukraden?
David Mendenhall: Oh, Jesus.
Kostadis Roussos: You follow her.
David Mendenhall: Yes, I'm following. I don't trust any of you. You don't know what we've been.
Wade Brown: Getting up to when you're not watching us?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Pruta has figured out…
David Mendenhall: A mother hen who has to watch everything all of you do.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Pruta's figured out that you don't take treasure, and that Valfine deserves treasure.
David Mendenhall: Already? He's already figured it out?
Wade Brown: This is, you know, Valfinha just glorious Light Lord. Earthlady.
Gary Young: You need to roll it inside.
David Mendenhall: And that treasure store.
Kostadis Roussos: No, so he… he picks up a candelabra.
Kostadis Roussos: And discreetly heads it to you.
David Mendenhall: Candelabra?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: A worthless, Catalabra?
Kostadis Roussos: No, one that's worth 25 gold pieces.
Gary Young: Nope.
Gary Young: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: he, he, he says to you, don't say anything to the… so, he rolled… I rolled a stealth, so…
Gary Young: Okay, well.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: I need, I need to take some…
David Mendenhall: Some feats that give me better perception.
David Mendenhall: That's what I'm gonna be doing with my next feet.
David Mendenhall: like, see invisible or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Ugh. Sorry, guys.
Wade Brown: I gotta let the dog out, I'll be back in, like, 3 minutes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, go for it. Alright. Other than that, that's…
Gary Young: Sit in this, kitchen.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, there's nothing else in this kitchen. The candelabra was taken from the pantry, from the dining room.
Kostadis Roussos: This was the kitchen… kitchen… Okay.
Gary Young: And is this a pantry or something?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, and the last one is that we said.
David Mendenhall: I know what I should do. I have an idea.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: There is my character sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: Much of the roof above this chamber has collapsed, leaving debris scattered across the floor. Birds have made nests
Kostadis Roussos: On the wooden shelves that line the north and south walls, rats long ago devoured anything that they could reach, and all the other footstuffs have rotted away.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you have now explored this, you have now exhaustively explored this area.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: So is it time for us to head back to, the Falcon?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Let's see here… I would like to gather everyone up into a 15-foot radius.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you casting Zone of Truth?
David Mendenhall: I am indeed casting Zone of Truth, yes.
Gary Young: Why are we doing this?
David Mendenhall: Yup.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: brewer.
David Mendenhall: Everyone to tell me…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: This isn't something.
David Mendenhall: took any items from the Woodland Mance.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's a very good question. Yes, they did. Prutha has to say it. Prutha, of course, says that he did.
David Mendenhall: It's produced, let's see them! Let's see them.
Kostadis Roussos: You said produce, I have to see what his intelligence is. Hold on. Oh.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Does taking the bathrobe count?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I mean, so he brings… he starts bringing rocks out.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. He's very loyal, he's very, he's very loyal to Valfinia, that's the point, right?
David Mendenhall: So he's looking for a way to, is that… is that pos… I've never used Zone of Truth, is it… can you kind of circumvent it that way?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I think Zone of Truth is a… yes, I believe so, but I will double check.
Gary Young: Well…
David Mendenhall: Well, everybody gets Charisma shaves.
Gary Young: He started.
David Mendenhall: And they can be… and you can be evasive.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, so he's definitely being evasive.
Wade Brown: What'd I miss?
David Mendenhall: Everybody makes charisma saves.
Kostadis Roussos: And after he does that, he walks away. He, like, makes sure to be more than 50.
David Mendenhall: She weaves the zone.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, brewberry takes bathrobe.
Wade Brown: Natural 20!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: soft.
David Mendenhall: But you didn't take anything, did you, Sama? No, you took the wand. Yeah, you did.
Wade Brown: The staff of bird calls, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so people who… who failed to save? Anybody?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I did.
Kostadis Roussos: But she didn't.
David Mendenhall: Athena failed?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I wanna see… I wanna see any treasure you… you… any treasure…
Gary Young: I did not pick anything up.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Strictly speaking, just to your time out, you did pick up the dust of disappearance.
Gary Young: Oh, that's like…
Wade Brown: Ninja dust!
David Mendenhall: You know…
Gary Young: I guess I, I picked up the, I picked up this book of Elven, .
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Wade Brown: idioms.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Idioms.
David Mendenhall: Page through the book, looks fine, yep, sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: No, the book's missing, it has a hole in it.
Wade Brown: Rusty book.
David Mendenhall: No, it doesn't, it was, like, tucked in there,
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Brewery? You didn't take any treasure, did you?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I took the bathrobe from the lodge.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And the slippers…
Kostadis Roussos: And.
Wade Brown: And the sample shampoos?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, I'm a simple shit.
David Mendenhall: Those weren't yours.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I like my hair to be soft.
David Mendenhall: You should, you should, from, you should, you should leave that bathrobe behind.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I feel guilty. But, you know, blueberry likes soft.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bathrobe is soft.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh my god! This is a new dimension. This is a new angle of rumor.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I thought it was included in the room's price, you know, I mean… Gosh, okay, I'll…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, I love it. Blueberry is into satin clothes. Like… Exactly.
Wade Brown: It's in the softness.
David Mendenhall: This is a new side of brewberry we've not seen before.
Wade Brown: You need to get him, like, a teddy bear as well.
Kostadis Roussos: I think that.
Gary Young: And he's okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You should see me get into a rage in that bathrobe, it's just… it's glorious.
Kostadis Roussos: He's got the glowing… he's got the glowing red eyes in the bathroom.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, and because he's a giant claw thing, it's kind of like this… this is…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I'll give Bathrop back, but I must, you know, point that Prutha stole one as well, when I look at Prutha.
David Mendenhall: Rutha? You took a bathroom?
Kostadis Roussos: She… .
David Mendenhall: You told me only it took rocks!
Kostadis Roussos: But, she goes, but that's from the Falcon…
David Mendenhall: You're gonna give it to the Falcon?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, it was the… the Falcon had the towels. That's where Blueberry took his towels.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Then he's glaring at Blueberry.
David Mendenhall: Alright, guys. Alright, I think this bit has played out.
Kostadis Roussos: That was very funny. Well done, give yourself an inspiration, I think that was a…
David Mendenhall: That was sad.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but it was funny! It was entertaining! That's… that's the whole point of this game.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: Alright, so is it time to go back to the Falcon?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: Get our boots.
David Mendenhall: We need to get our boots, we need to escort the orcs to their home.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes you do. Thanks.
Gary Young: So, were we on our way to, Neverwinter?
David Mendenhall: I would like to go to Neverwinter next, yes. That's… that's what Bukraden would like to do.
Gary Young: So we're gonna take the orcs with us to Denver Winter.
David Mendenhall: No, we need to take them to their home.
David Mendenhall: And drop them off. That's the next thing.
Wade Brown: Are we babysitters?
Gary Young: East or South?
Kostadis Roussos: Their home is up in the… I'll show you.
David Mendenhall: It's where the, where we killed the dragon.
Gary Young: That was South, wasn't it?
Kostadis Roussos: I'll show you the.
David Mendenhall: They're definitely opposite directions.
Wade Brown: Yeah. This is… they can't go there themselves!
Kostadis Roussos: You don't have to take them with you. I mean, that…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: When…
David Mendenhall: Well, we need to escort them, it's very dangerous.
Kostadis Roussos: You're worried they're gonna go plunder something and steal it, aren't you?
David Mendenhall: We need to escort them for their own safety. Come on. I'm also a good character.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, fair enough. So, okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's not what I wanted.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're, you're sort of over there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. I'll put, I'll use, Brewberry as the sole icon. Alright, Brewberry, you guys are at, Woodland Mance. Oh, I do have my cute icon, I forgot about it. Alright, here we go. You're at the Woodland Mance.
Kostadis Roussos: And so from here, you go to the Falcon's Lodge, and the next day head south to, the Ice Spires Peak. The other thing you could do is you can check out the Shrine of Savros.
David Mendenhall: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Oops?
Kostadis Roussos: It's just cause it's on the way.
Gary Young: And we're gonna talk to the Falcon first, then, right?
Gary Young: Because the Falcon is right near… right near us.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, the distance is… it's about the same distance, that's my money point. Okay, so you're going to the Falcon?
Gary Young: I think so.
Gary Young: Because we finished this quest.
David Mendenhall: Who's taking the boots?
Wade Brown: I don't wear boots.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Footboots.
Wade Brown: of elven something or other.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, that's right.
Wade Brown: I mean, it's probably the only boots you're ever gonna get.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do you think he's gonna give me the bathroom if I give him the book?
David Mendenhall: Harsh. Harsh.
Wade Brown: No, you're Code of Honor, like, you're… You know…
Gary Young: I could because I have the stealth skill, but, that…
Gary Young: Doesn't mean that I'm better suited.
David Mendenhall: Sure, I'll take them.
David Mendenhall: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty. So, to the, to the, to the, Woodland Mance?
David Mendenhall: No, to the lodge.
Kostadis Roussos: To the lodge, yes, than my bed.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: To the lodge.
Wade Brown: I ho!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, I think your party's still here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright, well, Selma, if you don't mind turning yourself back into a turtle.
Wade Brown: No, I mean, it's been 3 hours or more, right? Like, I have to.
Kostadis Roussos: Yo, I'm just, yeah, so I'm just, like…
Wade Brown: Yeah, yeah.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, actually, this… Sorry, sorry, go ahead.
Wade Brown: Oh, well, no, there's more Somas. Somas everywhere!
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, Soma's like, okay, you arrive back at the,
Kostadis Roussos: At the Woodland Mance. It's the day after.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: lodge.
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon's Lodge, you know, that the orcs are kind of having a good time.
Kostadis Roussos: They're kind of enjoying themselves. The head orc.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Is there a free round of drinks?
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon… Falcon is, like…
David Mendenhall: Satin robes for everyone.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh…
Kostadis Roussos: Falcon has, in the intervening time, dressed as three orcs in, like, appropriate livery to be, you know, employees of the year.
Kostadis Roussos: The orcs are very happy, he's very happy, everybody's very happy. Vorga sees you and says, you return! And the falcon says, yes, you return. What can you tell me?
Kostadis Roussos: What can you tell me?
Gary Young: the Woodland Mance out from any hostiles.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I thought you would phrase it as the glory and power of Luthander has saved the blah blah.
Wade Brown: Heh.
David Mendenhall: Something like that.
Gary Young: Glory and Power of Lathander has.
Wade Brown: Save the blah blah blah.
Gary Young: all of the heathens that were within the woodland mans.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hallelujah.
Kostadis Roussos: So.
David Mendenhall: It's hot.
Kostadis Roussos: So, as he's, as he's sort of sitting there, he goes, You know, those, those bards…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, they walked out of my, they were… they were… they were just amazing. I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: I don't… they may have been the finest act I've seen north of Neverwinter. The timing, the little placards, if I could get them on my stage two nights a 10-day, I'd charge water-deep prices, and they'd pay them gratefully.
David Mendenhall: He's a real fan, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
David Mendenhall: He's a fan.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's a fan. He's like, they were… they were… the timing, the comedy, the routine, I mean, the silent guy and the tall guy, the sarcasm, they was just, like, brilliant.
David Mendenhall: I don't know. They seemed like ex-adventurers to me.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, is there a problem with that?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't see the problem. I think adventurers have a right to change their career choices.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, to branch out.
Gary Young: Retired, you're saying?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, retired.
Kostadis Roussos: Maybe they're not ex, maybe they're retired.
Kostadis Roussos: But Bermardo, you basically go see, Craden, you seem to have a connection. Do you know where they might… where am I able to hire them again, or…
David Mendenhall: I'd never seen those people below it before in my life.
David Mendenhall: see my act. Never came to see my act, why am I going to see theirs?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, fair enough. One thing I do sit, they said they would meet you at the end?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, if… wherever that is, I'm sure it's some kind of road.
David Mendenhall: Probably, in Neverwinter, I should go there.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, yes, and he goes, here's a, here's a note I'd love you to give them to see if they would be willing to come and perform.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
David Mendenhall: He gave me a note.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. That's the slicker.
David Mendenhall: Out of, out of, out of, in another room, I… I… is it, like, wax sealed, or is it just on a piece of paper?
Kostadis Roussos: It's… it's not sealed.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I'll… can I read the note? What does it say?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he goes, to the extraordinary comedy act of Romardo and Corrin.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And it basically says, you know, makes a pitch for them to come and work in his tavern. He offers free room and board, a generous cut of the proceeds.
Kostadis Roussos: excellent hunting…
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Gary Young: jealous.
David Mendenhall: Alright, I will, store that in my… plot items list.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: I entered a quest.
Kostadis Roussos: Pardon me?
Kostadis Roussos: yes.
Gary Young: It may not be a significant quest, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright, so yeah, so that's the Falcon sort of thing. He also says, well, I… and so Vorga kind of has this eye roll, like, she kind of is, like, done with Falcon, right? And says, I think it's time for us to head back up to our… where we were from.
Kostadis Roussos: She's looking at, you, Vukrod, and says, If I recall correctly, there was an offer to provide some escort up to the, to our former quarters?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, we're gonna escort you. Totally.
Wade Brown: We have a time limit to get to…
Wade Brown: There was some sort of clock getting to Nevermind.
Kostadis Roussos: No, there was, there was, there was a clock.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we've blown through that, but we're still going.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so just to be clear, there was…
Wade Brown: Going to the remnants.
Kostadis Roussos: You're still going there. Of course, what's happened in the meantime is… it's a very different… it's a very different setup.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: To.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No spoilers.
Kostadis Roussos: No spoilers, no spoilers. Okay, so you head out. Nighttime comes, blah blah blah, long grass, etc.
Kostadis Roussos: So, are you going through the Temple of Sovereas, or are you headed straight up to.
David Mendenhall: gonna take the orcs to the Temple of Sovereas? I don't think so.
Kostadis Roussos: I was just, I was just wondering, so you're going straight up to the ice fire hold.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So… With this train of people, it's gonna take 2 days.
David Mendenhall: There will be songs, there will be eating.
Wade Brown: There'll be blood.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No bathrobes.
David Mendenhall: There's blood.
Kostadis Roussos: You know.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, you guys show up over each first…
Gary Young: While we're traveling.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Tell them that,
Gary Young: You know, we have a group of were-rats that are working for us at a gold mine near here.
David Mendenhall: I was thinking that we should stop by the mine and get some of our fair trade gold.
Kostadis Roussos: with the whole orc tribe? No, Vorg is not…
David Mendenhall: On the way back, on the way back.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, or Virga's not interested… Virgo's not interested, although she does ask, will there be plunder?
David Mendenhall: I don't believe in that word.
Kostadis Roussos: Well.
Wade Brown: thereby boutique.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh. She goes, so then why would we go there?
David Mendenhall: Let's get you home.
Gary Young: Just don't… just don't mess with the rats.
Wade Brown: You're literally the golden goose, or the goose that lays the golden egg.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, the next day, you arrive at Icepire Hold. There's, again, joyous partying and celebration.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: As you, as you head up to the Icepire Hold,
Kostadis Roussos: They, they of course take you down the path that doesn't have to go through the stone giants, that avoids the stone giants, avoids the…
David Mendenhall: There was a path that avoids the Snow Giants?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but you guys decided to follow… you decided to follow them.
Wade Brown: Oh, dear.
Kostadis Roussos: There was absolutely a path that followed… yeah, you actually noticed that there was this nice, leisurely path that you could have taken that would have involved…
Gary Young: So, as we get to the ice paraphold, I want to talk to Prusa.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay?
Gary Young: insane.
Gary Young: that… I've had a vision from Lathander, and you have new instructions, my disciple.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, what are those new instructions?
Gary Young: You are to,
Gary Young: convert any more of the, orcs, in the Ice Bear Mountains here to, Lathander's cause.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: What's the line? Build me a church?
David Mendenhall: Something like that? I have to look it up.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Gary Young: We were gonna go to church.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
David Mendenhall: Upon this rock you shall build me my church.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, God. Okay, let's, let's try not to, like, you know, bring in too much religion into this.
Kostadis Roussos: Although,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, I'm just looking for something.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. As you… Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, there we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You, with that… Your eyes permanently take on a blinding, molten golden hue of the midday sun.
David Mendenhall: What?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Purdick, but I wouldn't get that.
Kostadis Roussos: I will, I will drop the, I will drop the, I will drop the mechanic in the general chat.
Wade Brown: Oh, dear.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
David Mendenhall: In Discord?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah, so the industry.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Who's that?
Kostadis Roussos: This is Valfini.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: She has been suddenly blessed by their… her god.
Gary Young: Oh, right.
Kostadis Roussos: And, what you did is… your statement to her… to LaFander is well pleasing, who lets you know a revelation, which I will send to you.
Wade Brown: get sunburned?
Wade Brown: Alright, then.
Wade Brown: Not that I have any desire to lie to Balfine, but, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't think turtles can get sunburned.
Wade Brown: They're scared, yeah. So, I don't know what a prickling sunburn would feel like to Soma.
David Mendenhall: Do… do I… do we underst- do I understand this… What has happened?
Wade Brown: You don't lie, though, Ryan, like…
David Mendenhall: No, I don't lie.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: You all lie. Hey!
Wade Brown: Potato puff-free staff of bird calls.
Wade Brown: You should blow a charge just to make, like, a turkey gobble in the distance to distract you.
Kostadis Roussos: So I put it in Discord.
Wade Brown: Again?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, this is… this was a… I put… I sent you a direct message, Gary.
Wade Brown: Ow.
Gary Young: Oh, fair.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you can choose to share with it or not, but that's what you've just… you've just unlocked.
Gary Young: Here we go. Yeah, I mean, I'm good with that.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: Lathander has given me a vision.
Gary Young: to create… His divine arm. Lathander's searing lights.
Gary Young: And our mission will be to enforce Fathander's will on the world.
Gary Young: To show…
Kostadis Roussos: I remember fighting aberrations, just to be clear.
Wade Brown: It's right.
Kostadis Roussos: average, it's just, you know.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay, okay.
Gary Young: fighting aberrations.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, fighting average.
David Mendenhall: I got nervous there for a moment.
Wade Brown: You sounded awfully interventionist there.
Kostadis Roussos: Fighting aberrations.
Gary Young: Fighting him.
Kostadis Roussos: And evil. It's just…
David Mendenhall: I'm all for fighting evil.
Gary Young: And evil. Oh, okay, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: So you kind of go, like, I just… so is it enforcing Lathandr's will? They're going for fighting evil and aberration.
David Mendenhall: From fighting evil and aberrations.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that kind of…
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sure you've.
David Mendenhall: New take on lithandrism.
Kostadis Roussos: Lathander has embraced your concept of continuous power enforcing his will.
Kostadis Roussos: He sees that divine insight as powerful, and wants you to lead a holy order devoted to that.
Gary Young: Right.
David Mendenhall: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: This will, of course, cause conflict with conventional euthanriates, just so you know.
Gary Young: So, should I be called the Bishop of Searing Light, or, like, what's the… is there a title with that?
Kostadis Roussos: Did you want a promotion? Is that what you're saying?
Gary Young: a searing lunch.
Kostadis Roussos: I haven't thought of it, but you know, the founder's always open to suggestions, so if you want to call yourself something.
Kostadis Roussos: Lathander kind of lets it known that, you know, this is supposed to be more of a militant arm rather than a spiritual arm, so, you know, the general…
Gary Young: Alright. The sword… Yeah, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: The burst, the stun burst…
Kostadis Roussos: So yes, he is, so yes, you… so anyway, you got these two new abilities, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Gary, just could you take a note of them so that I don't forget them?
Gary Young: Yeah, I'll work on it.
Kostadis Roussos: Thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright, and so, you, with that.
Kostadis Roussos: Prutha, of course, seeing your eyes turn bright yellow… light, right?
Wade Brown: We actually cast a light?
Kostadis Roussos: I think… yeah, well, they turn bright yellow, I mean, it's not…
Wade Brown: Okay, so they, they, they are luminescent, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, they take on the blinding molten golden hue of the midday sun, so they don't… they're not luminous, right?
Wade Brown: They're just the color.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and he sees her… when he says… when she says that about, you know, converting people, her eyes turn luminously gold.
Kostadis Roussos: And, of course, Pruth, I've used that as a religious awakening, and another five orcs join your cause.
Gary Young: From… from where?
Kostadis Roussos: From the tribe.
Gary Young: From the tribe.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: Okay, yes.
Wade Brown: You've become quite the cult leader.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and so they go, where do we… they then, of course, being orcs, say, where do we pillage?
Gary Young: Well, they should definitely go with Prusa and, convert the, you know, the other work tribes.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, so you're gonna send them on a holy war, okay, this is so.
David Mendenhall: No, no, no.
Gary Young: a mission.
David Mendenhall: A mission.
Gary Young: Missionary. Missionary.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so one of the…
Gary Young: They'll figure it out.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Like, as long as Sister Kella has one hit point, you're good.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Alright, okay, I like this. So you've just told a bunch of religious maniacs to go convert a whole bunch of arcs inspired by a religious fervor.
Gary Young: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, this is going to have consequences.
Kostadis Roussos: And of course, you blasely move away from it, right?
David Mendenhall: I think we should head back to Phandalin. Our work here is done.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: I'm sure we'll need them later. We'll just, you know… Just set that in motion.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: Back in…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, presumably from there, you go to the mountain tow, or do you go straight to Fandelin?
David Mendenhall: I think, we're stopping by at the mine to pick up some money.
Wade Brown: Yeah, Mountain Toe.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so I've got good news.
David Mendenhall: Huh.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I've got good news. Apparently, the… the dwarf…
Kostadis Roussos: Who, you know, was doing the, well, you weren't here for this, but apparently there was a dwarf who needed to listen to the music of the stones.
Kostadis Roussos: Before you could mine.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, an emerald was… a gem was purchased, blueberry, just so you know.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The gym.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you had to go… you had to buy… they had to buy… either the were-rats found the gem, or,
Kostadis Roussos: Horio.
David Mendenhall: This is like a Nigerian print scam. There's all this money in the mine, but you need to buy me a gem before.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know if you remember that, but you had… Horia had told you that the guy who was… the guy who was gonna go find the gold bot vane was very superstitious about needing to perform…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: And so he said you had to go to some special rock, and so the were-rats went off to find the special rock.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Surprisingly, they returned, but without the special rock.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay. Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: But Horia had already made plans, so, you know, the mining operation has proceeded.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's right. Rouveri's happy.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so Blueberry's happy, the mining operations, you know, when Blueberry shows up, you know, the were-rats are kind of, like, acting blase, but after the intimidation and the terror, they sort of jump to attention.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Good. They sort of just…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Feezed.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, they jump to… they jump to attention. They're like, yes, Mr. Brewery, you'll have… we'll have you note that everything is going according to plan. Excellent.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Very happy. I'll give you a nice tip, you know, and try the bathrobe at the Falcon's Lodge, they're very.
Kostadis Roussos: The warehouse.
Wade Brown: Mance.
Kostadis Roussos: The word route goes, can I touch it?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, I had to return it, sadly, but…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: If you ever go to the lodge, I highly recommend it.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, one of the other were-rats turns to you, Valfine, and says, See, they're all working, everybody's working, the mine is very busily working!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what are you not telling us?
Kostadis Roussos: So, just to remind you, Valfina, last time you showed up, you noticed that nobody was working, and so now they're very much convinced, they really want you to know that the line is working top-notch, everybody is hard at work. As far as you're concerned, the were-rats are doing their job.
Gary Young: Is he lying to me?
Kostadis Roussos: No. He's actually… he's actually…
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: He'd be very unsettled if he tried to lie to you.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, he is.
Wade Brown: Weird sunburns I've never experienced.
Gary Young: I'll look at him carefully and see.
Gary Young: We're good.
Kostadis Roussos: He looks at your creepy eyes, and… Is a little bit disturbed.
Kostadis Roussos: What is it with you and your eyes and characters?
Wade Brown: They're the window to the soul!
Kostadis Roussos: No, the last time he got Dragon Eyes, now he's got…
Gary Young: Oh, that's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay. So, Horia shows up and says, well, it's only been, like, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 days, right? We've made a lot of good progress, but there's sort of startup costs, professional costs, back office costs, money…
Kostadis Roussos: She's like…
Kostadis Roussos: She's pulling out a ledger, she's showing you price, billing, etc. But she says, I do have good news.
Wade Brown: Well…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What?
Kostadis Roussos: do have good news. After our cut to the Neverwinter Commission.
Kostadis Roussos: which actually is the owner of this land. You get 30 gold pieces.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: From a gold mine, 30 gold pieces, are you…
David Mendenhall: Amazing.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it's only been operations for 5 days.
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, there's…
Wade Brown: How much mold are they pulling out of this?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, do you examine the books?
Wade Brown: I mean, I… I think… I think they just… they weren't.
David Mendenhall: I would like to examine the books, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Are they…
Wade Brown: They feel a sunburn on the back of their necks?
David Mendenhall: Should I cast Zone of Truth?
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know, the books are honest. The books are honest.
Wade Brown: Shows you're paying, like, 10,000 gold pieces for a hammer or something like that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no. No, I mean, there's, like, there's the insurance for the workers, there's the…
Kostadis Roussos: And their salaries, there's the food supplies, there's the remote danger bonus…
David Mendenhall: Wow, 30 GP a week. Wow, it's life-changing money there.
Kostadis Roussos: She… Horia says, don't worry, boss, once we get that new vein going, we'll be rolling in the… we'll be rolling in the cache.
David Mendenhall: How much will that bring in?
Kostadis Roussos: A lot?
Kostadis Roussos: She doesn't know.
David Mendenhall: Can you quantify a lot?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, I mean, she calls up the dwarf who was like, so what do you think about the new vein? He goes, I think it's gonna be a big one. I think it's gonna be… it's been speaking to me, so all we gotta do is give it a little bit of time, but if we pressure it too much, it's gonna disappear.
David Mendenhall: That doesn't make any sense at all.
Kostadis Roussos: She explains, look, he is my best gold vein digger.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, I trust him. If he says this is where it's gonna be, this is where it's gonna be. You gotta just… you just gotta go.
David Mendenhall: I'm gonna be poor forever, aren't I?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, no, I mean, it turns out if you wait a month, it's a lot more gold. How about I put it that?
David Mendenhall: Wow. I still feel like I'm gonna be poor forever. Alright, let's blow this joint.
Wade Brown: What, in a month it'll be 180?
Kostadis Roussos: Survey… the, the, the, the wherewith says, so,
Kostadis Roussos: So, not to pick anything, but, you know, I mean, you promised cheese?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Is that happening?
David Mendenhall: Eric, do we have Create Food and Water?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Wade Brown: The happy cows over in.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Has to come from.
Wade Brown: A petunia? No.
Kostadis Roussos: Petunia, petunia, yeah. So now they're saying, you know, we just want to make sure that we all understand that the cheese will flow.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Nothing's supposed to…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Blue already.
David Mendenhall: I didn't know, do we have to, like, personally bring the cheese periodically?
Kostadis Roussos: No, I thought this was.
David Mendenhall: like, an ongoing…
Wade Brown: We delegated.
David Mendenhall: relationship.
Kostadis Roussos: So he goes, he goes, so, so, so it's okay that we could go to town to pick up the cheese?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, the cheese comes.
David Mendenhall: I mean, you can go to town, I wouldn't recommend it.
Gary Young: I want to escort him to town, like, the first time, and have him collect it.
David Mendenhall: No, I don't want to escort them to town, no thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's… basically what he's trying… he's noticing that you're not getting the point, he's saying, so,
Kostadis Roussos: Boss.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's kind of looking at the four of you, because now you guys are, like, looking really scary. He goes, I just… just want to make sure that if I… if one of us was to go to Fandelin to get the cheese and come back, and there was an attack, and we got overwhelmed, and we managed to survive, you wouldn't view that as abandoning our posts?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But not all of you have to go get the cheese.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, but if one of us went to get the cheese, that wouldn't be an issue, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Why would it?
Kostadis Roussos: I would just say that they're used to bosses who would take an issue?
Kostadis Roussos: And do I.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Do we have to spell out everything for you? Come on.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you scared the living shit out of him last time.
Wade Brown: We can't.
Kostadis Roussos: And I could do that again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Again, if you want.
Kostadis Roussos: So it's a product.
Gary Young: Why don't we want them to be, you know, like, doing the deliveries themselves?
David Mendenhall: I've got other things I need to do.
Gary Young: That's right, that's why we want to bring him to town, so he can…
Gary Young: You know, know where he secures it, and then we don't have to babysit him.
David Mendenhall: I think escorting them to town is babysitting them.
Gary Young: Well, just this once.
Kostadis Roussos: You're on your way, that's fair.
Gary Young: back to Fendel in a longer way, right?
David Mendenhall: Just this once. Ugh.
David Mendenhall: These guys.
Gary Young: it's.
David Mendenhall: There's 30 fucking gold pieces.
Kostadis Roussos: What's going on is Vakujin had this vision of thousands of piles in Oola.
Kostadis Roussos: And he got 30.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: There is more coming, just to… just so you know, Dave, this just… it was just… you just came after 5 days.
David Mendenhall: If they get the cheese, if they're not killed, Dwarf doesn't have, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: an aneurysm.
David Mendenhall: An existential crisis, you know, so many caveats and provisos.
Kostadis Roussos: The other way, the other thing you notice is that there is a big cut taken by the Neverwinter Commission.
David Mendenhall: Oh, we're gonna discuss that with them, don't worry.
Wade Brown: Yeah, we're on our way.
Kostadis Roussos: But the reason… what I was trying to hint at is the Neverwinter Commission might be a way to… you might want to renegotiate with the Neverwinter Commission.
Wade Brown: Or, like, the HOA of the land.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, it's 10.30, guys. It was great. Lots of fun. Alright, so hey, just so I prepare, we're going for a networking tour next week?
David Mendenhall: Going to Neverwinter… going to Fandelin and then Neverwinter. Fandalin and Merton need to have a discussion with the Privy Council.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Adabra is no longer on the Privy Council, just so you know.
Wade Brown: Yeah, fuck her.
Kostadis Roussos: She's gone.
Wade Brown: Yeah, good riddance.
David Mendenhall: That's good.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to make sure.
David Mendenhall: really…
David Mendenhall: with, you know, the dragon defeated and the orcs, you know, no longer a threat, it's time to bring democracy to Phandalin.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I think it's time we work on getting some steady revenue… and legal revenue stream as well, besides the gold mine, because, you know, I'd like me to get myself a bathrobe from the Falcon's Lodge, and I don't have any gold, despite all the killing that I'm doing.
David Mendenhall: Yes, and I'm not making very much progress on funding my music studio.
Wade Brown: Yes, that's how we'll get the revenue.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, just to be clear, there is still that lump of gold in the rock that you refuse to use.
Kostadis Roussos: Transformed, don't forget that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes, we know of the opportunities.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to stay, like, there's, like.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Realized it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Gary Young: A lump of gold?
Kostadis Roussos: So, when Cryo Vein's treasure room, right, you found a rock, a lump, with a whole bunch of gold that had been fused together in some kind of magical container.
Gary Young: The dragon.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, incredible.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, we can't take the Dragon Horde. How many times do we have to go.
Kostadis Roussos: It was the dragon… yes. That was the dragon horde.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, I think us finding all this treasure, and then making sure that it gets into, you know, the owner's proper ends, or whatever, deserves a fee. This is work that we provide. We provide the service.
David Mendenhall: I mean, if they choose, and I think they should, I think they should choose to give us, you know, a reward for returning their stolen goods, but, you know, that is on them, but that would be the right thing for them to do.
Kostadis Roussos: I said, h.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where he makes a mental note to make sure to suggest it strongly to whoever is managing this fortune.
David Mendenhall: As long as it's of their.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: session.
David Mendenhall: will.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Of course, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the free will of being alive or not. I suppose what you say to them.
David Mendenhall: when I'm not in the room.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: They can choose to leave, you know, they can choose to live, or remain alive.
David Mendenhall: You're not going to threaten them!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's how they all pre-wheel. Who's talking about threats? No, I'm, you know, I'm talking about strong arguments and suggestions.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Backed by, you know, muscle.
David Mendenhall: I think it won't be necessary, because they'll be so happy to have their stolen goods returned that they'll just want to give us something.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What is necessary is for Brewberry to get a Falcon's Lunge bathroad, because, you know, that's all I can think about.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Gary Young: To get back to Finland, I want to talk about a sheet vent.
Kostadis Roussos: My wife?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Gary Young: Achievement.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Achievement, you said.
Gary Young: A shipment is the legal process by which abandoned or unclaimed property is transferred to a state government for safekeeping.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, actually, so I… so I sent out this paper that I wrote, because we… everybody's got their thing about fantasy rules that drives them nuts, alright? For me, it's the lack of inflation.
Gary Young: I, I…
David Mendenhall: Right, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so…
Kostadis Roussos: So I just want you to know, it turns out that in the Forgotten Realms, and especially in the North.
Kostadis Roussos: Treasure is actually, harvested as part of the economic process.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: So, it turns out that there is such a legal process, Gary, in the forgotten process.
David Mendenhall: There's no inflation on the gold standard.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I do so right.
Wade Brown: There's still fractional reserve banking and other stuff, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: he looks at Valfinia and says, well, when did you turn into a lawyer?
Gary Young: Sorry, am I supposed to be retired from that? Okay, well…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What's happened to you?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, that's the… okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
David Mendenhall: He's an ex-lawyer.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright, take care guys, have a good evening. It was great. I had a lot of fun. Hope you guys too. Bye.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Cheers, bye.